# Html2img

A module to download or copy a html element as an image in browser, without backend.

## Install

```
npm install --save html2img
```

## Usage

```
import Html2Img from 'html2img'

document.getElementById('button').addEventListener('click', e => {
    var el = document.getElementById('my-container')
    Html2Img.save(el, {
        name: 'download-file-name',
        type: 'jpg',
    })
})
```

**Notice**: now copy method is not finished.

## Options

### el

**string**

If you pass a string as `el`, html2img will use it as a selector by `querySelector`, so you should pass string like `#m-container`.

**element**

Like what I have done previous, you can just pass a document element in.

### options

The second parameter is a object. You can learn more from [html2canvas](https://github.com/niklasvh/html2canvas).

Except html2canvas options, you MUST pass a `name` and `type` option.

**name**

 `name` is used for download file name.

**type**

 `type` is used for canvas convertor and download file type and extension.

**width**

Canvas width, not layer with. Layer with is the same with your element's width. So if you do not want a different canvas width from your element, leave it with undefined.

**height**

Canvas height, same logic with width.

**pseudo**

Boolean. Whether to replace `:before` and `:after` as a `span` tag. If `false`, IGNORE pseudo elements.

**classNames**

Array. classes which to pick up from computed styles.
Default: `['background-color','box-sizing','color','display','font-family','font-size','line-height','overflow-x','overflow-y','shape-rendering','text-size-adjust','opacity','text-anchor','stroke','stroke-width','fill']`, you can pass new to replace it.

**backgroundColor**

Canvas background color. Default: `#ffffff`

**svgElements**

svg tag names, such as `svg` `g` `path` `rect` `text` ...

## Methods/API

### Html2Img.save(el, options)

Save html element as an image.

You'd better use in click event handler function.

### Html2Img.copy(el, options)

Copy to clipboard.

**Notice:** this function has not been finished.

## Generator

This component is generated by [componer](https://github.com/tangshuang/componer).
